The semantics are as follows:
	If a subsite has a subsite_for rel:
			1 - the root groups of that subsite are the direct children
					of the party(s) that the subsite is(are) for (if such
					children do not exist, i.e. the subsite is for a
					user, then there are no root departments --
					might want to rework this so that root departments
					are those the person is a direct member or indirect
					member of)
			2 - the only personnel displayed anywhere on that subsite are
					those with direct membership in a 'subsite-root-group'
			3 - if a department is mentioned that is not a descendant
					of a subsite-root, then appropriate text must appear
					before the name of the group to help identify it's
					actual context (i.e. print the type-of or 'path' to the
					group).  Furthermore, if the group is linked,
					that link should go to a subsite that the group
					does belong to -- preferrably a subsite that has
					no 'subsite_for' relationship in acs_rels.
	Else
			1 - the root groups are those with a null parent_group_id
					int inst_groups
			2 - all personnel may show up anywhere on the subsite

PROBLEMS (still):
This does not address the problem of permissioning (which may be intractable
since ea. object can only have one context_id) or the difficulties this
design causes when it comes to admministering a subsite (in some cases it
will be necessary to ensure 'by hand' that members of a certain sub-tree
are always direct members of a particular group, i.e. as seen in OBGYN and
Pediatrics).

The fix that migh make it easier to administer membership would be
(for example) to make the membership filter just require that
personnel be either indirect or direct members of a root-group
but allow root-groups to be non-transitively (WRT group membership)
attached to a subsite (so membership in those groups will not
automatically imply membership in the subsite).

An elegant fix for permissioning is still a long way (never?) off though,
due to the nature of objects only being allowed to exist in a single
context.

PAGES THAT HAVE SUBSITE ISSUES:
Any page that uses 'institution/www/groups/tree' will have subsite issues.
(groups/index and groups/detail both use it).  Also, personnel/detail
may have problems as will any place that wants to make a reference
to a department's URL, since the choice has to be made: does the user
expect to see the groups information within the subsite, or all
information about the group?  Perhaps if the group exists within the
subsite, it should be linked to within the subsite.  If it is not within
the subsite however, it should link to the nearest subsite that does
not restrict they view of the department (this has been placed into
the semantics above, though it has not yet been implemented).